Docs: adds v22 Enterprise Console changelog (#595)
pomerium/documentation: content/docs/releases/enterprise/changelog.mdx

# Changelog

## 0.22.0

### New

> - [Hosted Authenticate Service](/docs/capabilities/hosted-authenticate-service.md) runs by default. [Self-hosted authenticate service](/docs/capabilities/self-hosted-authenticate-service.md) is still available for users who want to configure their own identity provider and authenticate service URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Hosted Authenticate Service](/docs/capabilities/hosted-authenticate-service.md) will now be used by default to handle single-sign-on. Pomerium hosts this service as a convenience to its users; not identity provider configuration or authenticate service url needs to be specified if the hosted authenticate service is used. [Self-hosted authenticate service](/docs/capabilities/self-hosted-authenticate-service.md) is still available for users who want to configure their own identity provider and authenticate service URL.
```

> - Wildcard From Routes support allows you to define multiple near-identical external `from` routes that point to the same internal `to` route.

Reviewer: Add link to the new reference pages on wildcarding.

> - More consistent and linear memory performance significantly reduces memory consumption, especially in environments with rapidly changing configurations.

Reviewer: Add link to the github PR for RDS changes
